
Stage 0
	Completed
		Game Name
	Incomplete
		Install Github Client to Writer's computer (Optional)
		Set up a method to coordinate on the scripts.
			Github, Google-docs, etc.
		Install RenPy SDK
		Pull current Github down
		Set up current github mirror in RenPy
		Confirm that it all is working as planned.
Stage 1
	Incomplete
		Color picking
			Main Background - For when there are no other background graphics in use.
			Textbox Background
			Namebox Background (Likely same as the textbox.)
			Button-UI colors:
				Not Selectable ("Grayed out")
				Selectable
					Active (Such as, you've selected that you want to have the display in Windowed mode)
					Inactive (But you could select Fullscreen over there.)
						These two will also help show which menu's you're currently in.
			  Have both a background color for the button, and foreground color for the text.  Can be done with 'glow' around the text to make it even more legible in some cases.
			Character colors:
				One color of speech per character, and color for their name.  Likely to be the same.  Make sure they're readable against the textbox background.
				You'll want a color for 'the narrator', even if that's -usually- the Main Character.  This is for writing out sound effects, things heard, titles of places, time of day.. all that misc stuff.
		Character Names
		Find out what 'Voice Sustain' is.  Likely rename it, changing the Preference screen.
Stage 1.1
	Incomplete
		Sample Text
			Something to work with the sample sounds, with two quick branches, and the sounds intermixed, so I can make sure we're getting what you're after.  Use at least two characters.
		Sample Sounds
			Basic repeating sound effect, possibly the beep of a heart monitor?
			Door open and close.
Stage 1.2
	Incomplete
		Test Build
Stage 2
	Incomplete
		Character Images
			Even if it's as simple as just one image per character, to show when they're speaking, even if it's just an silhouette piece.  In fact, silhouette's might be good for this game's theme.
		Further testing text/sounds as needed.
		Main screen graphic.
Stage 3
	Incomplete
		Image Transitions
			Choose how backgrounds will change by default.  Full screen fade out, then in again, or dissolve from one into the other?
			Choose how you want character graphics to appear and disappear by default.  Most likely, a fade-in/out, but also reasonable is the 'slide in/out from sides of screen' or even dissolve in/out.
			Objects are likely to be case-by-case.  Like showing a visual clue or such.
Stage 4
		Go over script and make extra notes and ask more questions, so implimentation in Renpy will be faster and easier and require less revision later.
		Begin implimentation of the script.
Stage 5
		Finish implimentation of the script
Stage 6
		Impliment UI pieces
		Impliment Sound pieces
Stage 7
		Add vocals.
Stage 8
		Functionally complete.  Initial release.
		Go back and improve on UI if there's still time.
		Add more images/sounds/etc, if there's still time.
		